Please add your pseudocode to this file
Project: Consecutive Substrings Generator

Pseudocode Solution

START

INPUT string S
CREATE empty list RESULT

FOR i from 0 to length of S minus 1
    SET currentSubstring to empty string

    FOR j from i to length of S minus 1
        ADD character S[j] to currentSubstring
        ADD currentSubstring to RESULT
    END FOR

END FOR

RETURN RESULT

END


Explanation

The string is treated like an array of characters.
The first loop selects where the substring starts.
The second loop builds the substring one character at a time.
Each substring is saved immediately so the order is preserved.

And a written explanation of your solution
Project: Consecutive Substrings Generator


Problem Overview

This project focuses on generating all consecutive substrings from a given
string input. A consecutive substring is made up of characters that appear
next to each other in the original string and must contain at least one
character. The substrings are returned in the same order in which they appear
in the string.

Only valid consecutive substrings are allowed. For example, in the string
"abc", the substring "ac" is not included because the characters are not
adjacent. The input string may be empty or contain one or more characters.


Algorithm Used

The solution uses a brute-force approach with nested loops. The string is
treated as an array of characters and each possible starting position is
examined.

The outer loop selects the starting index of a substring. The inner loop
extends the substring one character at a time by moving forward through the
string. Each newly created substring is stored in a result array in the order
it appears.

This approach was chosen because it guarantees that all valid consecutive substrings are generated correctly.


How the Solution Works

1. Initialize an empty array to store the substrings.
2. Loop through the string to select a starting index.
3. From each starting index, build substrings by adding one character at a time.
4. Store each substring as it is created.
5. Return the array containing all consecutive substrings.


Time Complexity Analysis

Let n be the length of the input string.

The solution uses two nested loops, which results in O(n²) iterations.
However, building each substring requires copying characters, which adds
additional processing time.

Overall time complexity: O(n³)

The space complexity is O(n³) since all generated substrings are stored.


Conclusion

This project successfully generates all consecutive substrings of a string
while maintaining the correct order. The algorithm meets the problem
requirements and includes a clear analysis of how performance scales as the
input size increases.
